Introduction into Law and Regulatory FrameworkEnvironmental Science and ServicesPrinciples of Architectural StructureEconomics and ManagementProcurement and AdministrationDesign Information ManagementConstruction Technology in ArchitectureVirtual Environments.Introduction to Urban Regeneration.Environmental Architectural Technology.Construction Technology and Services.Design Representation.History of Architecture.Conservation of Buildings and Places.Technology and Design of Tall Buildings.Advanced Building Envelope Design.Architectural Practice and Management.Advanced Graphic Design: Ad Hoc Series and Systems.Drawing and Architectural Form.Energy Management and Performance Evaluation.Technology Innovation and Life Cycles.Motion Based Design.Design for Sustainability.CityScope: New Orleans.Experiencing Architecture Studio.Architectural Design: Intentions.Geometric Disciplines and Architecture Skills: Reciprocal Methodologies.MArch Portfolio Seminar.Introduction to Architecture & Environmental Design.Architecture Design Fundamentals I: Nano-Machines.Architectural Design, Level 1: Perceptions and Processes.Architecture Studio: Building in Landscapes.Architectural Design, Level 2: Material Essence: The Glass House.Architectural Design, Level 2: Material and Tectonic Transformations: The Herreshoff Museum.Immaterial Limits: Process and Duration.Architectural Design, Level 2: New Orleans Studio.Architectural Design, Level 3: A Student Center for MIT.Urban Design Studio: Providence.Ecuador Workshop.The Space Between Workshop.Case Studies in City Form.Sustainable Design and Technology Research Workshop.Architectural Design Workshop: Collage - Method and Form.Architectural Design Workshops: Computational Design for Housing.Introduction to Integrated Design.Special Problems in Architectural Design.Architecture Design, Level 2: Cuba Studio.Analysis of Contemporary Architecture.Precedents in Critical Practice.Theory of City Form.Introduction to Design Inquiry.Research Topics in Architecture: Citizen-Centered Design of Open Governance Systems.Furniture Making.Special Problems in Architecture Studies.BSAD Foundations in the Visual Arts.The Production of Space: Art, Architecture and Urbanism in Dialogue.Dialogue in Art, Architecture, and Urbanism.Advanced Studio on the Production of Space.Introduction to Sculpture.Studio Seminar in Public Art.Introduction to Building Technology.Environmental Technologies in Buildings.Ecologies of Construction.Building Technology Laboratory.Fundamentals of Energy in Buildings.Daylighting.Basic Structural Design.Analysis of Historic Structures.Building Technology 1: Materials and Construction.Building Technologies 3: Building Structural Systems 2.Building Technology 3: Building Structural Systems.Form-Finding and Structural Optimization: Gaudi Workshop.Natural Light in Design.Emergent Materials 2.Introduction to Design Computing.Architectural Construction and Computation.Digital Design Fabrication.Digital Mock-Up Workshop.Computational Design 1: Theory and Applications.Introduction to Shape Grammars 1.Inquiry into Computation and Design.Introduction to the History and Theory of Architecture.Thinking About Architecture: In History and at Present.The Art Museum: History, Theory, Controversy.Religious Architecture and Islamic Cultures.The Architecture of Cairo.Historiography of Islamic Architecture.Drawings & Numbers: Five Centuries of Digital Design.Selected Topics in Architecture: Architecture from 1750 to the Present.Technopolitics, Culture, Intervention.Theory and Method in the Study of Architecture and Art.History of Urban Form: Locating Capitalism: Producing Early Modern Cities and Objects.Contemporary Architecture and Critical Debate.Nationalism, Internationalism, and Globalism in Modern Art.A Global History of Architecture Writing Seminar.Territory: Spatial Reification of Power.Landscape Experience: Seminar in Land/Art.Introduction to Urban Design and Development.The Once and Future City.Introduction to Urban Design and Development.Site and Infrastructure Systems Planning.Beijing Urban Design Studio.Sites in Sight: Photography as Inquiry.Sensing Place: Photography as Inquiry.Urban Design Skills: Observing, Interpreting, and Representing the City.Urban Design.Urban Design Policy and Action.Environmental Management Practicum: Brownfield Redevelopment.Brownfields Policy and Practice.Revitalizing Urban Main Streets: Mission Hill & Egleston Square, Boston.Revitalizing Urban Main Streets: St. Claude Avenue, New Orleans.Special Studies in Urban Studies and Planning - The Cardener River Corridor Workshop.Springfield Studio.Beijing Urban Design Studio.New Century Cities: Real Estate, Digital Technology, and Design.Imaging the City: The Place of Media in City Design and Development.Power of Place: Media Technology, Youth, and City Design and Development.City Visions: Past and Future.Gaoming Studio - China.Architecture and Communication in Organizations.Downtown.The City of Athens in the Age of Pericles.The Ancient City.