Advanced Chemical Experimentation and Instrumentation.Advanced Kitchen Chemistry.Advanced Organic Chemistry.Advanced Seminar in Geology and Geochemistry: Organic Geochemistry.Analytical Techniques for Studying Environmental and Geologic Samples.Aquatic Chemistry.Basics of Analysis with Antineutrinos from Heat Producing Elements - K, U, Th in the Earth.Biological Chemistry II.Chemical and Biological Reaction Engineering.Chemical Engineering Thermodynamics.Chemical Investigations of Boston Harbor.Chemicals in the Environment: Fate and Transport.Chemistry Laboratory Techniques.Chemistry of Biomolecules I.Computational Quantum Mechanics of Molecular and Extended Systems.Cosmic Origin of the Chemical Elements.Crystal Structure Analysis.Crystal Structure Refinement.Digital Lab Techniques Manual.Electrochemical Energy Systems.Electron Microprobe Analysis.Experimental Atmospheric Chemistry.General Biochemistry.Integrated Chemical Engineering I.Integrated Chemical Engineering Topics I: Introduction to Biocatalysis.Integrated Chemical Engineering Topics I: Process Control by Design.Intermediate Chemical Experimentation.Introduction to Experimental Chemistry.Introduction to Nanoelectronics.Introduction to Organic Synthesis Laboratory.Introduction to Plasma Physics I.Introduction to Solid State Chemistry.Introductory Chemical Experimentation.Kinetic Processes in Materials.Kinetics of Chemical Reactions.Kitchen Chemistry.Laboratory Chemistry.Making Science and Engineering Pictures: A Practical Guide to Presenting Your Work.Marine Chemistry Seminar.Marine Organic Geochemistry.MHD Theory of Fusion Systems.Microbial Megaproducers: Discovery, Biosynthesis, Engineering and Applications of Natural Products.Microscopic Theory of Transport.MIT Little Devices Lab.Molecular Aspects of Chemical Engineering.Nanomechanics of Materials and Biomaterials.Neutron Interactions and Applications.Neutron Science and Reactor Physics.Non-Equilibrium Statistical Mechanics.Organic & Biomaterials Chemistry.Organic Chemistry.Organic Structure Determination.Organometallic Chemistry.Physical Chemistry.Plasma Transport Theory.Polymer Physics.Polymer Science Laboratory.Principles of Chemical Science.Principles of Inorganic Chemistry.Principles of Radiation Interactions.Quantum Mechanics I.Separation Processes for Biochemical Products.Separation Processes.Small-Molecule Spectroscopy and Dynamics.Statistical Thermodynamics of Biomolecular Systems.STEM Concept Videos.Structure of Earth Materials.Synthetic Organic Chemistry II.Thermodynamics & Kinetics.Thermodynamics and Kinetics of Materials.Thermodynamics of Biomolecular Systems.Trace Element Analysis of Geological, Biological & Environmental Materials by Neutron Activation Analysis: An Exposure.Trace-Element Geochemistry.Welding and Joining Processes.