Project Evaluation.Transportation Systems Analysis: Demand and Economics.Economics of Marine Transportation Industries.Economic & Environmental Issues in Materials Selection.Introduction to International Development.Poverty, Public Policy and Controversy.Economics of Education.Information Technology and the Labor Market.Infrastructure and Energy Technology Challenges.Law, Social Movements, and Public Policy: Comparative and International Experience.Economic Development & Technical Capabilities.Planning Economics.Microeconomics.Beijing Urban Design Studio.Introduction to Housing, Community, and Economic Development.Institutions of Modern Capitalism.Real Estate Economics.Financing Economic Development.Economic Development Planning.Revitalizing Urban Main Streets: Hyde/Jackson Square & Roslindale Square, Boston.Targeting the Poor: Local Economic Development in Developing Countries.Analyzing and Accounting for Regional Economic Growth.Regional Socioeconomic Impact Analyses and Modeling.Project Appraisal in Developing Countries.Economic Institutions and Growth Policy Analysis.Urban Public Finance in Developing Countries.Economic Development, Policy Analysis, and Industrialization.Introduction to Planning & Institutional Processes in Developing Countries.Introduction to International Development Planning.Advanced Urban Public Finance: Collective Action and Provisions of Local Public Goods.Regional Energy-Environmental Economic Modeling.Springfield Studio.Planning in Transition Economies for Growth and Equity.Beijing Urban Design Studio.Sustainable Economic Development.The Politics of Reconstructing Iraq.Foshan China Workshop.Gaoming Studio - China.Community-Owned Enterprise and Civic Participation.Frameworks of Urban Governance.Special Studies in Urban Studies and Planning: Economic Development Planning Skills.Feeding Cities in the Global South: Challenges and Opportunities for Action in Cartagena.Global Freshwater Crisis.Urbanizing China: A Reflective Dialogue.Principles of Macroeconomics.Microeconomic Theory and Public Policy.Intermediate Macroeconomics.Intermediate Macroeconomic Theory.Financial Crises.Putting Social Sciences to the Test: Field Experiments in Economics.Insights from Game Theory into Social Behavior.Economic Applications of Game Theory.Microeconomic Theory 1.Microeconomic Theory 2.Microeconomic Theory 3.Microeconomic Theory 4.Game Theory.Behavioral Economics and Finance.Dynamic Optimization & Economic Applications.Advanced Contract Theory.Psychology and Economics.Topics in Game Theory.Networks.Strategy and Information.Industrial Organization and Public Policy.Government Regulation of Industry.Economics and E-Commerce.Industrial Organization 1.Organizational Economics.Introduction to Statistical Methods in Economics.Econometrics.Economics Research and Communication.Statistical Method in Economics.Econometrics.Time Series Analysis.Nonlinear Econometric Analysis.New Econometric Methods.Applied Econometrics: Mostly Harmless Big Data.Public Finance and Public Policy.Environmental Policy and Economics.Energy Economics.Macroeconomic Theory 1.Dynamic Optimization Methods with Applications.Economic Growth.Macroeconomic Theory 2.Macroeconomic Theory 3.Economic Crises.Advanced Macroeconomics 1.Advanced Macroeconomics 2.Advanced Macroeconomics 2.Public Economics 1.Public Economics 2.Environmental Economics and Government Responses to Market Failure.International Trade.International Economics 1.Labor Economics and Public Policy.Labor Economics 1.Labor Economics 2.Economic History of Financial Crises.Capitalism and Its Critics.The Challenge of World Poverty.Economic History.Foundations of Development Policy.Political Economy and Economic Development.Introduction to Political Economy.Development Economics: Microeconomic Issues and Policy Models.Development Economics: Macroeconomics.Economic Analysis for Business Decisions.Applied Macro- and International Economics.Applied Macro- and International Economics 2.Macro and International Economics.Competition in Telecommunications.Global Climate Change: Economics, Science, and Policy.Applied Economics for Managers.Energy Decisions, Markets, and Policies.Global Strategy and Organization.Global Markets, National Politics and the Competitive Advantage of Firms.Economy and Business in Modern China and India.Organizations and Environments.Global Entrepreneurship Lab: Latin America, the Middle East, and Africa.Entrepreneurship Without Borders.Finance Theory 1.Finance Theory 2.Financial Management.Entrepreneurial Finance.Investments.Analytics of Finance.Taxes and Business Strategy.Business Analysis Using Financial Statements.The Economics of Information: Strategy, Structure and Pricing.Research Seminar in IT and Organizations: Economic Perspectives.The Law of Corporate Finance and Financial Markets.Work, Employment, and Industrial Relations Theory.Urban Labor Markets and Employment Policy.Pricing.The Sociology of Strategy.Professional Seminar in Sustainability.Practice of Finance: Advanced Corporate Risk Management.Airline Management.The Aerospace Industry.Political Economy 1.The Politics of Global Financial Relations.Political Economy of Globalization.Political Economy of Western Europe.Sustainability: Political Economy, Science, and Policy.Labor and Politics.Globalization.Working in a Global Economy.Globalization, Migration, and International Relations.Field Seminar in International Political Economy.International Political Economy of Advanced Industrial Societies.Defense Politics.American National Security Policy.Japan and East Asian Security.Japanese Politics and Society.Political Economy of Chinese Reform.Political Economy of Latin America.Political Economy of Development.European Politics.Collective Choice 1.Quantitative Research Methods: Multivariate.Reading Seminar in Social Science: The Geopolitics and Geoeconomics of Global Energy.Reading Seminar in Social Science: International Political Economy.U.S. Budgets for National Security.Topics in the History of Philosophy: Justice & Political Economy.Gender, Power, and International Development.Slavery and Human Trafficking in the 21st Century.Art, Craft, Science.Social Theory and Analysis.Advanced German: Professional Communication.The Economic History of Work and Family.Globalization: The Good, the Bad and the In-Between.Civic Media Codesign Studio.D-Lab I: Development.D-Lab: Disseminating Innovations for the Common Good.D-Lab II: Design.Prototypes to Products.Systems Perspectives on Industrial Ecology.X PRIZE Workshop: Grand Challenges in Energy.Genomics, Computing, Economics, and Society.Social Studies of Bioscience and Biotech.Health Information Systems to Improve Quality of Care in Resource-Poor Settings.Engineering, Economics and Regulation of the Electric Power Sector.Developmental Entrepreneurship.Abdul Latif Jameel Poverty Action Lab Executive Training: Evaluating Social Programs.Mission & Metrics: Finance Training for Federal Credit Program Professionals.Shaping the Future of Work.Finance and Society.Innovation Systems for Science, Technology, Energy, Manufacturing, and Health.Food and Power in the Twentieth Century.