Honors Introduction to Engineering.Introduction to Engineering: Design.Dynamics and Vibrations.Materials Science.Fundamentals of Environmental Engineering.Computing Foundations: Data.Introduction to Object-Oriented Programming and Computer Science.Computer Science: An Integrated Introduction.Accelerated Introduction to Computer Science.Electricity and Magnetism.Electrical Circuits and Signals.Thermodynamics.Fluid Mechanics.The Foundation of Living Systems.Equilibrium, Rate, and Structure.Advanced Placement CalculusAdvanced Placement Calculus.Intermediate CalculusIntermediate Calculus.Honors Calculus.Methods of Applied Mathematics I.Applied Ordinary Differential Equations.Statistical Inference I.Honors Statistical Inference I.Advanced Science Courses.Environmental Geochemistry.Global Water Cycle.Introduction to Geographic Information Systems for Environmental Applications.Global Environmental Remote Sensing.Ocean Circulation and Climate.Special Topics in Geological Sciences: Physical Hydrology.Principles of Ecology.Evolutionary Biology.Conservation Biology.Upper-Level Environmental Engineering Curriculum.Water Supply and Treatment Systems - Technology and Sustainability.Plus four advanced engineering courses from the list below.Transport and Bio transport Processes.Reaction Kinetics and React Design.Chemical Engineering Thermodynamics.Heat and Mass Transfer.Advanced Fluid Mechanics.Energy and the Environment.Renewable Energy Technologies.Photovoltaics Engineering.Introduction to Power Engineering.The Chemistry of Environmental Pollution.Fate and Transport of Environmental Contaminants.Introduction to Computers and Engineering Problem Solving.Computing and Data Analysis for Environmental Applications.Uncertainty in Engineering.Project Evaluation.Introduction to Civil Engineering Design.Design of Electromechanical Robotic Systems.Computing and Data Analysis for Environmental Applications.Ecology I: The Earth System.Ecology II: Engineering for Sustainability.Introduction to Modeling and Simulation.Introduction to Network Models.Advanced Soil Mechanics.Mechanics of Material Systems: An Energy Approach.Project Management.Frameworks and Models in Engineering Systems / Engineering System Design.Fundamentals of Energy in Buildings.Engineering Mechanics I.Solid Mechanics.Structural Engineering Design.Dynamics and Control I.Dynamics and Vibration.Engineering Dynamics.Mechanics and Design of Concrete Structures.Engineering Mechanics II.Transport Processes in the Environment.Nonlinear Dynamics II: Continuum Systems.Chemicals in the Environment: Toxicology and Public Health.Ethics for Engineers: Artificial Intelligence.Systems Microbiology.Introduction to Civil and Environmental Engineering Design I.Introduction to Civil and Environmental Engineering Design I.Civil Engineering Materials Laboratory.Solid Mechanics Laboratory.Foundations of Software Engineering.Pattern Recognition and Analysis.Computational Geometry.Wavelets, Filter Banks and Applications.Masters of Engineering Concepts of Engineering Practice.Wave Propagation.Systems Optimization: Models and Computation.Engineering Economy Module.Engineering Systems Analysis for Design.Probability and Statistics in Engineering.Engineering Risk-Benefit Analysis.Introduction to Transportation Systems.Transportation Systems Analysis: Demand and Economics.Logistical and Transportation Planning Methods.Computer Algorithms in Systems Engineering.Airline Schedule Planning.An Introduction to Intelligent Transportation Systems.Transportation Systems.Transportation Policy, Strategy, and Management.Carrier Systems.Transportation Flow Systems.Airline Management.Urban Transportation Planning.Transportation Policy and Environmental Limits.Public Transportation Systems.Transit Management.Logistics Systems.Database, Internet, and Systems Integration Technologies.Logistics and Supply Chain Management.Supply Chain Planning.Manufacturing System and Supply Chain Design.Analyzing and Accounting for Regional Economic Growth.Soil Behavior.Waste Containment and Remediation Technology.Advanced Soil Mechanics.Advanced Geotechnical Engineering.Advanced Soil Mechanics.Project Management.Strategic Management in the Design and Construction Value Chain.The Impact of Globalization on the Built Environment.E-Commerce and the Internet in Real Estate and Construction.Mechanics and Design of Concrete Structures.Structural Mechanics in Nuclear Power Technology.Motion Based Design.Mechanics of Material Systems: An Energy Approach.Structural Analysis and Control.Structural Mechanics.Transport Processes in the Environment.Advanced Fluid Dynamics of the Environment.Nonlinear Dynamics and Waves.Groundwater Hydrology.Chemicals in the Environment: Fate and Transport.Water Resource Systems.Land, Water, Food, and Climate.Aquatic Chemistry.Water Quality Control.Environmental Engineering Masters of Engineering Project.Systems Perspectives on Industrial Ecology.Planning for Sustainable Development.Introduction to Sustainable Energy.Regional Socioeconomic Impact Analyses and Modeling.Atmospheric Chemistry.Water and Wastewater Treatment Engineering.Water and Sanitation Infrastructure in Developing Countries.Environmental Microbiology.Teaching College-Level Science and Engineering.A Sustainable Transportation Plan for MIT.Environmental Engineering Applications of Geographic Information Systems.Design for Sustainability.From Nano to Macro: Introduction to Atomistic Modeling Techniques.