Environmental Engineering Applications of Geographic Information Systems.The Once and Future City.Introduction to Spatial Analysis.Malaysia Sustainable Cities Practicum.Wanderings in Psychogeography: Exploring Landscapes of History, Biography, Memory, Culture, Nature, Poetry, Surreality, Fantasy, and Madness.Urbanizing China: A Reflective Dialogue.Field Geology I.Modern Navigation.Principles of the Global Positioning System.GPS: Where Are You?Geographic Information System (GIS) Tutorial.Key Ideas in GeographyIntroducing Human Geographies 1Environmental Processes and Change: The Global SystemDynamic EarthIntroducing Human Geographies 2TutorialsTutorials and Profile of a Research GeographerCreating a Sustainable World: 21st Century Challenges and the Sustainable Development GoalsGeographies of GlobalisationThe Human PlanetIntroduction to Landscape Ecology and Remote SensingResearch Design and Overseas FieldcoursesSkills for GeographersClimate Change: Science and SocietyEconomic Geography: Understanding the economy. Creating economic spacesSpatial Thinking with GIS: Constructing and exploring virtual worldsTransport GeographiesNorth American Cities - Change and Continuity in the MetropolisBiogeographyQuaternary Climates and LandscapesMoral GeographiesGeomorphologyCreating a Sustainable World: Applying the Sustainable Development GoalsDissertationMediterranean Quaternary LandscapesEnergy, Society and SpaceOur Frozen PlanetPeatlands under PressureUnderstanding GISWildlife in the AnthropoceneFeminist Geographies of HealthGreen Planet: Plant Ecology and Global ChangeNature, Society & Social PowerPyrogeography: Fire in the Earth SystemEnvironmental RestorationMigration, Conflict and Social ChangeEnvironmental Change & Reconstruction 1: Concepts in Stratigraphy and GeochronologyEnvironmental Change and Reconstruction 2: Palaeoecology in PracticeDissertation SupportEnvironmental Monitoring and Modelling PracticeEnvironmental Monitoring and Modelling ConceptsMediterranean Quaternary LandscapesDigital Terrain AnalysisEnvironmental Remote SensingGIS and Environmental ApplicationsGreen Planet: Planet Ecology and Global ChangePyrogeography: Fire in the Earth SystemEnvironmental RestorationEnvironmental Monitoring and Modelling PracticeApplied Study UnitIssues in Environmental PolicySpatial EcologyClimate Change, Disasters and ResponsesEnvironmental Impact AssessmentPlanning for Environmental Change