A Clinical Approach to the Human Brain.A Double-Edged Sword: Cellular Immunity in Health and Disease.A Hands-On Introduction to Nuclear Magnetic Resonance.A Love-Hate Relationship: Cholesterol in Health and Disease.Acoustics of Speech and Hearing.Aerospace Biomedical and Life Support Engineering.AIDS and Poverty in Africa.Antibiotics, Toxins, and Protein Engineering.Autism Theory and Technology.Avoiding Genomic Instability: DNA Replication, the Cell Cycle, and Cancer.Bench to Bedside: Molecularly Targeted Therapies in Blood Disorders and Malignancy.Biochemistry and Pharmacology of Synaptic Transmission.Bioethics.Biological Engineering Design.Biomaterials and Devices for Disease Diagnosis and Therapy.Biomedical Computing.Biomedical Devices Design Laboratory.Biomedical Information Technology.Biomedical Signal and Image Processing.Brain Mechanisms for Hearing and Speech.Brain Structure and Its Origins.Brains, Minds and Machines Summer Course.Brightening up Life: Harnessing the Power of Fluorescence Imaging to Observe Biology in Action.Business Model Innovation: Global Health in Frontier Markets.Cancer Biology: From Basic Research to the Clinic.Career Options for Biomedical Research.Cell-Matrix Mechanics.Cellular and Molecular Immunology.Cellular Metabolism and Cancer: Nature or Nurture?Cellular Neurophysiology.Chemicals in the Environment: Toxicology and Public Health.Chemistry of Sports.Chronic Infection and Inflammation: What are the Consequences on Your Health?Collaborative Data Science for Healthcare.Comparative Health Policy.Computational Functional Genomics.Computing for Biomedical Scientists.D-Lab: Medical Technologies for the Developing World.D-Lab: Water, Climate Change, and Health.D-Lab: Water, Sanitation, and Hygiene.Designer Immunity: Lessons in Engineering the Immune System.Designing and Sustaining Technology Innovation for Global Health Practice.Developmental and Molecular Biology of Regeneration.Disease and Society in America.Drugs and the Brain.Drugs, Politics, and Culture.Engineering Capacity in Community-Based Healthcare.Engineering Health: Towards the Tricorder.Evolution of the Immune System.Fine-Tuning the Synapse: Synaptic Functions and Dysfunction.Food in American History.From Molecules to Behavior: Synaptic Neurophysiology.Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging: Data Acquisition and Analysis.Functional MRI of High-Level Vision.G-Protein Coupled Receptors: Vision and Disease.Gastroenterology.Gender, Health and Marginalization Through a Critical Feminist Lens.Gender, Health, and Society.Genomic Medicine.Genomics and Computational Biology.Genomics, Computing, Economics, and Society.Global Enterprise for Micro-Mechanics and Molecular Medicine.Global Health Lab.Hands-On Astronomy: Observing Stars and Planets.Health Information Systems to Improve Quality of Care in Resource-Poor Settings.Healthy Cities: Assessing Health Impacts of Policies and Plans.Host Hacking: Parasitic Manipulations from a Micro- to a Macroscopic Scale.How to Build an Animal: Cell Fate and Identity in Development and Disease.Immune Evasion: How Sneaky Pathogens Avoid Host Surveillance.Increasing Your Physical Intelligence, Enhancing Your Social Smarts.Information Technology in the Health Care System of the Future.Intensive Neuroanatomy.Introduction to Global Medicine: Bioscience, Technologies, Disparities, Strategies.Introduction to Neural Computation.Introduction to Neuroanatomy.Introductory Biology.Introductory Quantum Mechanics II.Laboratory in Visual Cognition.Laboratory on the Physiology, Acoustics, and Perception of Speech.Living Dangerously: How the Immune System Maintains Peace with Trillions of Commensal Bacteria while Preventing Pathogenic Invasions.Machine Learning for Healthcare.Macroepidemiology.Magnetic Resonance Analytic, Biochemical, and Imaging Techniques.Mechanisms of Drug Actions.Medical Artificial Intelligence.Medical Computing.Medical Decision Support.Medical Geology/Geochemistry: An Exposure.Medicine, Religion and Politics in Africa and the African Diaspora.Methods of Policy Analysis.Microbial Megaproducers: Discovery, Biosynthesis, Engineering and Applications of Natural Products.Modeling Issues in Speech and Hearing.Molecular and Cellular Pathophysiology.Molecular Biology and Genetics in Modern Medicine.Molecular Biology for the Auditory System.Musculoskeletal Pathophysiology.Music Perception and Cognition.Neural Basis of Movement.Neural Coding and Perception of Sound.Neurology, Neuropsychology, and Neurobiology of Aging.Neuron-glial Cell Interactions in Biology and Disease.Neuropharmacology.Neurotechnology in Action.Noninvasive Imaging in Biology and Medicine.Of Mice and Men: Humanized Mice in Cancer Research.Parkinson's Disease Workshop.Peptides as Biological Signaling Molecules and Novel Drugs.Personal Genomics and Medicine: What's in Your Genome?Photon and Neutron Scattering Spectroscopy and Its Applications in Condensed Matter.Physical Intelligence.Physics of COVID-19 Transmission.Physiology of the Ear.Pluripotent Stem Cells and Genome Engineering for Modeling Human Diseases.Powerhouse Rules: The Role of Mitochondria in Human Diseases.Principle and Practice of Human Pathology.Principles and Practice of Assistive Technology.Principles and Practice of Drug Development.Principles of Human Disease.Principles of Medical Imaging.Principles of Pharmacology.Protein Folding, Misfolding and Human Disease.Putting Social Sciences to the Test: Field Experiments in Economics.Quantitative Genomics.Quantitative Physiology: Cells and Tissues.Quantitative Physiology: Organ Transport Systems.Radon Research in Multidisciplines: A Review.Regenerative Medicine: from Bench to Bedside.RNA Interference: A New Tool for Genetic Analysis and Therapeutics.RNAi: A Revolution in Biology and Therapeutics.Science Writing and New Media: Perspectives on Medicine and Public Health.Seminar on Health Care Systems Innovation.Sensation and Perception.Sensory Systems.Small-Molecule Spectroscopy and Dynamics.Social Studies of Bioscience and Biotech.Special Topics at Edgerton Center: Developing World Prosthetics.Special Topics in Vision Science.Special Topics: Genetics, Neurobiology, and Pathophysiology of Psychiatric Disorders.Stem Cells: A Cure or Disease?Sweet Discoveries: Unraveling the Complex World of Sugars in Health and Disease.The Biology of Aging: Age-Related Diseases and Interventions.The DNA Damage Response as a Target for Anti-Cancer Therapy.The Microbiome and Drug Delivery: Cross-species Communication in Health and Disease.The Neural Basis of Visual Object Recognition in Monkeys and Humans.The Peripheral Auditory System.The Radical Consequences of Respiration: Reactive Oxygen Species in Aging and Disease.The RNA Revolution: At the Frontiers of Cell Biology and Molecular Medicine.The Seeds and the Soil: Roles of Tumor Heterogeneity and the Tumor Microenvironment in Cancer Metastasis.The Sustainability Response to COVID-19.The Visual System.The X in Sex: A Genetic, Medical, and Evolutionary View of the X Chromosome.Tumor Pathophysiology and Transport Phenomena.Tumor Suppressor Gene p53: How the Guardian of our Genome Prevents Cancer.Ubiquitination: The Proteasome and Human Disease.Under the Radar Screen: How Bugs Trick Our Immune Defenses.Vascular Development in Life, Disease and Cancer Medicine.Water and Sanitation Infrastructure in Developing Countries.Water and Sanitation Infrastructure Planning in Developing Countries.Weight Training.Wheelchair Design in Developing Countries.When Development Goes Awry: How Cancer Co-opts Mechanisms of Embryogensis.