Database, Internet, and Systems Integration Technologies.E-Commerce and the Internet in Real Estate and Construction.Environmental Engineering Applications of Geographic Information Systems.Database Systems.Knowledge-Based Applications Systems.Information Technology and the Labor Market.Introduction to Computers in Public Management 2.Information and Communication Technologies in Community Development.Introduction to Technology and Cities.A Workshop on Geographic Information Systems.Spatial Database Management and Advanced Geographic Information Systems.Research Seminar on Urban Information Systems.Power of Place: Media Technology, Youth, and City Design and Development.Competition in Telecommunications.Data Mining.Network Optimization.The Software Business.Information Technology Essentials.Information Technology 1.Information Technology as an Integrating Force in Manufacturing.The Economics of Information: Strategy, Structure and Pricing.Practical Information Technology Management.Generating Business Value from Information Technology.Research Seminar in IT and Organizations: Economic Perspectives.IT and Business Transformation.Workshop in IT: Collaborative Innovation Networks.Technology Strategy.FinTech: Shaping the Financial World.Blockchain and Money.New Global Agenda: Exploring 21st Century Challenges through Innovations in Information Technologies.Biomedical Information Technology.Media Education and the Marketplace.Network Cultures.Information and Communication Technology in Africa.Introduction to Technology and Policy.Technology-based Business Transformation.Information Technology in the Health Care System of the Future.Medical Computing.Biomedical Computing.Medical Decision Support.Medical Decision Support.Health Information Systems to Improve Quality of Care in Resource-Poor Settings.Integrating eSystems & Global Information Systems.Mathematics of Big Data and Machine Learning.Data Management.Economic PrinciplesMarketing FoundationsIntegrative Team Project 1Introduction to Work PsychologySoftware Application Design and DevelopmentAcademic and Professional PracticeFundamentals of Data AnalyticsDatabase Design and DevelopmentFundamentals of Information SystemsBusiness Data AnalyticsBusiness AnalysisDigital StrategyIntegrative Team Project 2User Experience DesignFundamentals of FinanceFundamentals of Financial Reporting BFundamentals of Management AccountingConsumer BehaviourTechnology, Strategy and InnovationNew Product Development and InnovationCreativity, Design & EntrepreneurshipEthical BusinessMarketing ManagementInternational BusinessMarketing Communications in the Digital AgeSustainable BusinessEconomic Analysis I: Firm Market and the EconomyFoundations of Strategy and InnovationITMB Final Year ProjectDigital Economy: Platforms, AI and The BusinessBusiness IT ArchitectureIT Risk, Cybersecurity and GovernanceMarketing StrategyServices Marketing ManagementRetail MarketingMarketing and SocietyAdvanced Strategic ManagementEconomic Analysis II: Corporate Development, Growth and StrategyInnovation and MarketsSustainable Business In SocietyEntrepreneurship and VenturingInternational Competitiveness and InnovationSupply Chain Management: Logistics and Purchasing