Exploring Sea, Space, & Earth: Fundamentals of Engineering Design.Toy Product Design.How and Why Machines Work.Mechanics & Materials 1.Mechanics and Materials 2.Engineering Dynamics.Dynamics and Control 1.Modeling Dynamics and Control 1.Dynamics and Vibration.Dynamics and Control 2.Systems, Modeling, and Control 2.Modeling Dynamics and Control 2.Design and Manufacturing 1.Design and Manufacturing 2.Product Engineering Process.Introduction to Ocean Science and Engineering.Hydrodynamics.Design of Electromechanical Robotic Systems.Design of Ocean Systems.Dynamics.Nonlinear Dynamics and Waves.Special Topics in Mathematics with Applications: Linear Algebra and the Calculus of Variations.Nonlinear Dynamics and Chaos.The Art of Approximation in Science and Engineering.Systems and Controls.Nonlinear Dynamics 1: Chaos.Introduction to Heat Transfer.Fluid Dynamics.Wave Propagation.Advanced Structural Dynamics and Acoustics.Computational Ocean Acoustics.Structural Mechanics.Plates and Shells.Ship Structural Analysis & Design.Structural Mechanics in Nuclear Power Technology.Numerical Computation for Mechanical Engineers.Engineering Math: Differential Equations and Linear Algebra.2Finite Element Analysis of Solids and Fluids 1.Finite Element Analysis of Solids and Fluids 2.Introduction to Numerical Simulation.Numerical Methods for Partial Differential Equations.Information and Entropy.Quantum Computation.Introduction to Robotics.2Analysis and Design of Feedback Control Systems.Modeling and Simulation of Dynamic Systems.Maneuvering and Control of Surface and Underwater Vehicles.Dynamics of Nonlinear Systems.Computational Geometry.Foundations of Software Engineering.Identification, Estimation, and Learning.Signal Processing: Continuous and Discrete.Analysis and Design of Digital Control Systems.2Biomolecular Feedback Systems.Marine Hydrodynamics.Design Principles for Ocean Vehicles.Hydrofoils and Propellers.Ocean Wave Interaction with Ships and Offshore Energy Systems.Advanced Fluid Mechanics.Compressible Fluid Dynamics.Turbulent Flow and Transport.Numerical Fluid Mechanics.Numerical Marine Hydrodynamics.Macromolecular Hydrodynamics.Design and Fabrication of Microelectromechanical Devices.Submicrometer and Nanometer Technology.Fundamentals of Energy in Buildings.Desalination and Water Purification.Intermediate Heat and Mass Transfer.2Nano-to-Macro Transport Processes.Radiative Transfer.Thermal Hydraulics in Power Technology.Fundamentals of Advanced Energy Conversion.Internal Combustion Engines.2Marine Power and Propulsion.Fundamentals of Advanced Energy Conversion.2Fundamentals of Photovoltaics.Superconducting Magnets.Introduction to Sustainable Energy.Mechanical Engineering Tools.Project Laboratory.Biological Engineering 2: Instrumentation and Measurement.Micro/Nano Engineering Laboratory.Acoustical Oceanography.Principles of Oceanographic Instrument Systems -- Sensors and Measurements.Principles of Naval Architecture.Optics.Optical Engineering.Elements of Mechanical Design.D-Lab 2: Design.Mechatronics.Product Design and Development.Precision Machine Design.Multi-Scale System Design.Noninvasive Imaging in Biology and Medicine.Biomedical Information Technology.Thermodynamics of Biomolecular Systems.Statistical Thermodynamics of Biomolecular Systems.Design of Medical Devices and Implants.Cell-Matrix Mechanics.Biomaterials-Tissue Interactions.Introduction to Bioengineering.Quantitative Physiology: Cells and Tissues.Quantitative Physiology: Organ Transport Systems.Fields, Forces and Flows in Biological Systems.Quantitative Physiology: Cells and Tissues.Molecular, Cellular, and Tissue Biomechanics.Tribology.Control of Manufacturing Processes.System Optimization and Analysis for Manufacturing.Manufacturing Systems Analysis.Introduction to Manufacturing Systems.Mechanical Assembly and Its Role in Product Development.System Design and Analysis based on AD and Complexity Theories.Proseminar in Manufacturing.Ethics for Engineers: Artificial Intelligence.Management in Engineering.Engineering Risk-Benefit Analysis.Economics of Marine Transportation Industries.Teaching College-Level Science and Engineering.Special Topics in Mechanical Engineering: The Art and Science of Boat Design.Introduction to Numerical Analysis for Engineering.Designing Paths to Peace.MADM with Applications in Material Selection and Optimal Design.Designing Paths to Peace.Biomedical Devices Design Laboratory.Sailing Yacht Design.Direct Solar/Thermal to Electrical Energy Conversion Technologies.Decision Making in Large Scale Systems.Biomimetic Principles and Design.Marine Autonomy, Sensing and Communications.Undergraduate Thesis for Course 2-A.Workshop Practice (Mechanical)Structures 1 (Mech)Design 1 (Mechanical)Fluid Mechanics for Aerospace and Mechanical EngineersElectrical Energy Supply & CircuitsManufacturing Engineering 1 (Mechanical)Mechanical Engineering SystemsMechanics (Mechanical)Materials 1 (Mechanical)Aerospace and Mechanical ThermodynamicsTools for Engineers (Mechanical)Peer Assisted Study Scheme (Mechanical Engineering)Mathematics 1M1Mathematics 1M2Workshop Practice (Mechanical)Numerical Methods & Computing (MechanicalManufacturing Engineering 2Design 2 (Mechanical)Modelling & Simulation (Mech)Fluid Mechanics 2Applied Thermodynamics (Mechanical)DynamicsStructures 2 (Mechanical)Data Acquisition & Experimental Methods (Mech)Materials 2Project Management (Aero/Mech)Mathematics 2M1Control Engineering (Mechanical)Manufacturing Engineering 3Heat TransferVibrations & Aeroelasticity (Mechanical)Operations ManagementIndividual ProjectDesign 3 (Mechanical)Structures 3 (Mechanical)Modelling & Simulation 3Nuclear SystemsFluid MechanicsRenewable Energy SystemsEngineering ThermodynamicsMechanical Group Design ProjectAdvanced Modelling & SimulationAdvanced Heat TransferComposites and PolymersAdvanced Computational Fluid DynamicsAdvanced Manufacturing ProcessesAdditive Manufacturing & 3D Product ModellingAcoustics & Advanced VibrationsLegal IssuesAdvanced PowerEngineering ForesightRobotics, Metrology and BioengineeringManufacturing SystemsStructural Integrity