Foundations of Quantum MechanicsQuantum OpticsIntroduction to Quantum Information ScienceApplied Quantum Systems (AQS)Quantum SimulatorsCryptographyPhysics of Quantum Information SystemsQuantum Computer SystemsElectromagnetic Waves and Devices  Quantum Mechanics   Applied Quantum Mechanics   Basic Physics A   Basic Physics B   Foundations of Mechanics   Analytical Mechanics   Flat Earth to Quantum Uncertainty: On the Nature and Meaning of Scientific Explanation   The Jazz of Modern Physics   Astronomy and Astrophysics   Electricity and Magnetism   Methods of Mathematical Physics   Physics of Matter   Extragalactic Astronomy and High-Energy Astrophysics   Introduction to Cosmology   Quantum Mechanics A   Advanced Electromagnetic Theory   Thermodynamics and Statistical Mechanics   Biological Physics   Methods of Mathematical Physics   Undergraduate Research in Physics   Senior Conference    Techniques in Experimental Physics   Mathematical Methods of Engineers and Physicists   Classical Theoretical Physics I   Quantum Mechanics   Advanced Quantum Mechanics   Quantum Theory of Fields II   Solid State Physics I   Quantum Many Body Theory   Advanced Statistical Mechanics   Biological Physics   Seminar in Research Topics   Preliminary Examination Preparation   Research in Physics   Thesis Preparation   Basic Physics A   Basic Physics B   Foundations of Electromagnetism and Modern Physics   Alien Worlds: Search for Extra-Solar Planets and Extraterrestrial Life   The Science and Technology of Energy   Adventures in Nano world   Introduction to Relativity and Quantum Physics   Astronomy   Advanced Classical Mechanics   Experiments in Modern Physics   Introduction to General Relativity   Introduction to Nuclear and High Energy Physics   Stellar Structure and the Interstellar Medium   Quantum Mechanics B   Modern Physics Laboratory   Computational Physics   String Theory for Undergraduates   Techniques in Experimental Physics   Classical Theoretical Physics II   Quantum Mechanics   General Relativity and Cosmology   Statistical Mechanics   Introduction to Nuclear and High Energy Physics   Astrophysics and Cosmology   Quantum Theory of Fields I   Group Theory   Solid State Physics II   Computational PhysicsAn overview of quantum mechanics.Quantum mechanics as a framework. Defining linearity Linearity and nonlinear theories. Schrödinger's equationNecessity of complex numbers Photons and the loss of determinism The nature of superposition. Mach-Zehnder interferometerOverview of quantum mechanics Interaction-free measurements.More on superposition. General state of a photon and spin states Entanglement Mach-Zehnder interferometers and beam splitters Interferometer and interference Elitzur-Vaidman bombsPhotoelectric effect, Compton scattering, and de Broglie wavelength.The photoelectric effect Units of h and Compton wavelength of particlesCompton Scattering De Broglie’s proposal De Broglie matter waves. Group velocity and stationary phase. Wave for a free particle.De Broglie wavelength in different frames Galilean transformation of ordinary waves The frequency of a matter wave Group velocity and stationary phase approximation Motion of a wave-packet The wave for a free particle Momentum operator, Schrödinger equation, and interpretation of the wavefunction.Momentum operator, energy operator, and a differential equation Free Schrödinger equationThe general Schrödinger equation. x, p commutator Commutators, matrices, and 3-dimensional Schrödinger equation Interpretation of the wave function Probability density and current. Hermitian conjugation.Normalizable wave functions and the question of time evolution Is probability conserved? Hermiticity of the Hamiltonian Probability current and current conservation Three dimensional current and conservation  Wave packets and uncertainty. Time evolution and shape change time evolutions.Wave packets and Fourier representation Reality condition in Fourier transforms Widths and uncertainties Shape changes in a wave Time evolution of a free particle wave packet Uncovering momentum space. Expectation values and their time dependence.Fourier transforms and delta functions Parseval identity Three-dimensional Fourier transforms Expectation values of operators Time dependence of expectation valuesObservables, Hermitian operators, measurement and uncertainty. Particle on a circle.Expectation value of Hermitian operators Eigenfunctions of a Hermitian operator Completeness of eigenvectors and measurement postulate Consistency condition. Particle on a circle Defining uncertaintyUncertainty Stationary states. Particle on a circle.Uncertainty and eigen states.Stationary states: key equations.Expectation values on stationary states.Comments on the spectrum and continuity conditions.Solving particle on a circle.Energy eigen states for particle on a circle.Infinite square well energy eigen states.Nodes and symmetries of the infinite square well eigen states. Finite square well. Setting up the problem. Finite square well energy eigen states.Properties of 1D energy eigen states. Qualitative properties of wave functions. Shooting method.Non degeneracy of bound states in 1D. Real solutions.Potentials that satisfy V(-x) = V(x).Qualitative insights: Local de Broglie wavelength.Correspondence principle: amplitude as a function of position Local picture of the wave function.Energy eigen states on a generic symmetric potential. Shooting method.Delta function potential. Justifying the node theorem. Simple harmonic oscillator.Delta function potential I: Preliminaries.Delta function potential I: Solving for the bound state.Node Theorem.Harmonic oscillator: Differential equation.Behavior of the differential equation.Simple harmonic oscillator II. Creation and annihilation operators.Recursion relation for the solution.Quantization of the energy.Algebraic solution of the harmonic oscillator.Ground state wave function. Simple harmonic oscillator III. Scattering states and step potential.Number operator and commutators.Excited states of the harmonic oscillator.Creation and annihilation operators acting on energy eige nstates.Scattering states and the step potential.Step potential reflection and transmission coefficients. Phase shift, wave packets and time delay.Step potential probability current.Reflection and transmission coefficients.Energy below the barrier and phase shift.Wave packets.Wave packets with energy below the barrier.)Particle on the forbidden region.Ramsauer-Townsend effect. Scattering in 1D.Waves on the finite square well.Resonant transmission.Ramsauer-Townsend phenomenology.Scattering in 1D. Incoming and outgoing waves.Scattered wave and phase shift.Scattering in 1D. Levinson’s theorem.Incident packet and delay for reflection.Phase shift for a potential well.Excursion of the phase shift.Levinson's theorem.Resonances and Breit-Wigner distribution. The complex k-plane.Time delay and resonances.Effects of resonance on phase shifts, wave amplitude and time delay.Modelling a resonance.Half-width and time delay.Resonances in the complex k plane.Central potentials and angular momentum.Translation operator. Central potentials.Angular momentum operators and their algebra.Commuting observables for angular momentum.Simultaneous eigen states and quantization of angular momentum.Legendre equation. Radial equation. Hydrogen atom 2-body problem.Associated Legendre functions and spherical harmonics.Orthonormality of spherical harmonics.Effective potential and boundary conditions at r=0.Hydrogen atom two-body problem.Lecture 22: Hydrogen atom (cont.). Differential equation, series solution and quantum numbersCenter of mass and relative motion wave functions.Scales of the hydrogen atom.Schrödinger equation for hydrogen.Series solution and quantization of the energy.Energy eigen states of hydrogen.Spectrum for hydrogen. Virial theorem, circular orbits and eccentricity.Energy levels and diagram for hydrogen.Degeneracy in the spectrum and features of the solution.Rydberg atoms.Orbits in the hydrogen atom.Hydrogen atom (conclusion). The simplest quantum system and emergent angular momentum.More on the hydrogen atom degeneracies and orbits.The simplest quantum system.Hamiltonian and emerging spin angular momentum.Eigen states of the Hamiltonian.